source /home/harsh/WS2023/DSS/HW4/dss-env/bin/activate



It looks like there's an issue with the pipenv lock -r command. The -r option should work with pipenv lock to generate a requirements.txt file. However, if it's not working as expected, you might be facing a version-specific issue or a bug in pipenv.

Let's try a different approach to generate the requirements.txt file:

Alternate Method: Using Pipenv run
Activate Your Pipenv Shell:
First, ensure you are in the pipenv shell. If you are not, activate it with:

bash
Copy code
pipenv shell
Generate the requirements.txt File:
Use pip freeze within the pipenv environment to generate a requirements.txt file. This can be done by running:

bash
Copy code
pipenv run pip freeze > requirements_Dss.txt
This command uses pip freeze, which lists all installed packages in the current environment, and redirects the output to requirements_Dss.txt.

Verify the File:
Check the contents of requirements_Dss.txt to ensure it contains the list of your installed packages.


Setup the pip package manager
Check to see if your Python installation has pip. Enter the following in your terminal:

pip -h
If you see the help text for pip then you have pip installed, otherwise download and install pip

Install the virtualenv package
The virtualenv package is required to create virtual environments. You can install it with pip:

pip install virtualenv
Create the virtual environment
To create a virtual environment, you must specify a path. For example to create one in the local directory called ‘mypython’, type the following:

virtualenv mypython
Activate the virtual environment
You can activate the python environment by running the following command:

Mac OS / Linux
source mypython/bin/activate
Windows
mypthon\Scripts\activate
You should see the name of your virtual environment in brackets on your terminal line e.g. (mypython).

Any python commands you use will now work with your virtual environment

Deactivate the virtual environment
To decativate the virtual environment and use your original Python environment, simply type ‘deactivate’.

deactivate
